Grade soon in this lecture I want to give you a content strategy that's going to guarantee you links
and really the idea here is that you'd like our Watz already be successful and the model itself instead
of creating a new piece of content out of the blue and hoping that people are going to like it it's
going to be successful what you want to do is actually find content that's already being shared on social
media that's already generated a torrent of links.
And really what you're going to do is take that and improve it so you can either make it more up to
date of was published two years ago and you think that nobody's really been you know given an update
on this a fresh perspective.
How does this new information impact that old information and you can go into more detail so you can
read the post and say you know that's good but it's not really enough I need more specifics.
You have to go off and reference a lot of other posts to get clarity on what you can use then create
a new post with that extra information or you can just simply make it more visually appealing so in
images and for graphics and just really bring it to life more for people and in a make the design and
the whole experience a lot better.
So what we're going to do is look at a tool now and that's going to help us find content that's already
been successful.
That'll give us a starting point then for how we can build on us and produce a piece of content that's
really going to get links.
So the two that we want to use to help us find successful pieces of content is called seamless he has
typed that into Google.
And again this is a it's a there's a pro version of this too.
But there's really a lot of great information here even on the free version.
So let's just continue with my example of drones and see what's been the most successful pieces of content
in the past six months under all categories so and here you can see that Dulfer drones over dolphin
stampede and whales often a point in Maui.
SEE can see that's been a huge amount of likes for this on Facebook shares Google shares.
So a very successful piece of content.
Unbelievable.
He's successful so maybe just have a quick look at that.
And that's over 10 million views on YouTube.
I mean I think this is really where this is a great example of where drones really come to life and
get back to some games
.
So that's
OK.
And so while you're not going to be able to replicate that tomorrow it's in an amazing location and
probably a very unique opportunity what you could do maybe is do the best drone best you could create
a post saying you know the best drone videos and or in nature when you already know maybe these videos
have got 10 million whatever views so that's a piece of content that she can create if you were selling
drones and you wanted to attract people to your site and get them for it.
So that's just an idea and again you're maybe you're getting the attention of these influencers here
is this guy Helfen Safari dot com so I mean he's really he's really done well.
That's essentially the idea is to find content that she couldn't replicate and make better make better
in terms of making it more uptodate or more detailed.
We're generally just more visually pleasing with design etc so have a look through that what also is
cool is that you can filter by days and then you know articling for graphic X-posts whatever.
You can check it out there.
There is an option to view the bottlings but you have to sign up for a pro account so you can maybe
do is take the links put them back into the Maaz open site explore.
So what else is cool about this tool is if you weren't able to identify the influencers you can use
this as a step dad for the last lecture.
Let's just type in drones and here it brings up a lot of the influencers that around that keyword.
And these are Pietsch people then you can reach two or Again look at the content that's been successful
for them.
So that's really it.
I hope that's been helpful and is going to make you confident that when you invest your time in producing
content and you're you're backing a winner and that you're going to be producing something that's appeals
to a lot of people.
And this is just fantastic too.
And I really hope you find it useful.